What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
     
     When you initialize a repository, a hidden file is created to hold and
     track all of the commits.  There must be an identifiable place for git
     to manage your commits.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?

	The staging area marks your files as a package for commit.  One value to this
	this is that you can commit only the appropriate files for that commit
	You must address all the files that might have been part of this change, so it
	probably helps with your thought processes while programming (did I make the changes
	I needed to in all the files?)

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

    The staging area can hold the specific files with the specific changes that you want
    for one commit.  Using the git diff commands on the staging area can assure that you
    do have a logical change to commit.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized?
How would branches help?

     Branches can keep track of different experimental features or can give you the ability
     to create different versions of the same product.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

     Diagrams help you identify where branches last touch and to visually organize the new
     features, experiements, and other separate sub-projects on your project.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the 
diagram the way we do?

     As a result of the merging of two branches, you end up with one branch with two different
     paths back through the parents.  You also end up with one head instead of two.

 What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

      The huge pro of Git's automatic mergins is how easily it can compare large swaths of code
      It would be difficult otherwise to compare.  It only merges when things are straightforward
      and marks what looks like the obvious conflicts.  Merging manually takes time and lots of 
      effort.  The hard part of Git's automatic merges is trying to deconflict any issues that 
      arise.  It takes time to understand what Git is identifying as the problem when
      the problem may be somewhere else.